Name: Ryan Brooks, Charlie Chen
ID: 1530605, 1530488
Course: CKPUT 275 winter 2019
assignment: Assignment 1 part 1: Simple version of restaurant finder

included files: Assign1Part1.cpp
                lcd_image.h
                lcd_image.cpp
                README
                makefile

Accessories: arduino board
             adafruit ILI9341 lcd Display
             joystick
             formatted micro SD card

Wiring insturctions:
to wire the Adafruit lcd display navigate to the arduino resources
section of the CMPUT 275 eclass page and find the link named
wiring for adafruit ILI9341 or follow the below link
https://eclass.srv.ualberta.ca/pluginfile.php/4411230/mod_resource/content/1/cmput274-display-wiring.txt
for the joystick connect power to the power line of the breadboard, ground
to ground on the breadboard, connect VRx to pin A0, VRy to pin A1, and
connect SW to pin 2 of the arduino

running instructions:
to run the code navigate to the correct directory using the terminal
and run make upload to upload the program onto your SD card while it is
inserted into the adafruit lcd display (assuming it is properly formatted
as was done in class).  To move the cursor on the screen just move the
joystick.  Depending on how far the joystick is moved the cursor
will move faster or slower.  if the touchscreen is tapped blue dots will
appear indicating restaurant locations.
If the joystick is depressed then a list of 30 restaurants (closest to the
cursor) will be displayed and using the joystick you can choose a restaurant
to go to.  After choosing the restaurant simply depress the joystick again to
return to the map.

assumptions:
The SD card must be formatted in the same way as was done in the first
CMPUT 275 class 
The joystick and lcd display must be wired exactly as is mentioned above
style errors regarding length, c style casting, and the empty block error
on line 314 of Assign1Part1.cpp as they do not affect the functionality or readability of the code.

Acknowledgements:
Thanks to:
Veronica Salm for help with the initial stages of mode 1 (reading and printing
the restaurants).
Joseph Meleshko for help with identifying problems in returning ffrom mode 1 to
mode 0 (calculation errors).
Everton Schumacker Soares for help with indexing the printed restaurant list
Jason Cannon for help with redrawing the map in mode 0
Logan Gilmour for help fixing the off by 1 error in determining the coordinates
for the chosen restaurant in mode 1.
Zach Goldthorpe for help with early mode switching.